MP-6215 Overriding CSS variables (#969)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/marketplace/dev/front-end/extending-the-project/index.md

```bash
console cache:empty-all
```

## Overriding CSS variables

> Variables can be overridden in any `.less` file in your project related to place where it's used.

Reviewer: It can be overridden in a CSS file as well.

> The file must have an `@import` of the root variables, that placed in the `ui-conponents` library. For example:

Reviewer: Why do we need an import?

- Variable in the root library
```less
@btn-padding-base: var(
  --spy-btn-padding-base,
  @btn-horizontal-vertical-base @btn-horizontal-padding-base
);
```

- Overridden variable on the project level
```less
@import '~@spryker/styles/src/lib/themes/default/variables/index.less';

.mp-test-selector {
  --spy-btn-padding-base: 10px 15px;

  // styles
  ...

> }

Reviewer: Can't imagine value of the usage.

```bash
console cache:empty-all
```

## Overriding CSS variables

> Variables can be overridden in any `.less`/`.css` file in your project related to place where it's used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CSS variables can be overridden in any `.less`/`.css` file related to the Marketplace at the project level.
```

Global case, will be overridden for all places: 

- Variables in the root library
```less
@border-radius-base: var(--spy-border-radius-base, 10px);
@green: var(--spy-green, #17b497);
```

- Overridden variables on the project level (eq. `src/Pyz/Zed/ZedUi/Presentation/Components/styles.less`)
```less
:root {
  --spy-border-radius-base: 15px;
  --spy-green: green;
}
```

> Special case, will be overridden only inside component: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Partial override will change a variable for a some scope (for example inside a component):
```

- Variable in the root library
```less
@btn-padding-base: var(
  --spy-btn-padding-base,
  @btn-horizontal-vertical-base @btn-horizontal-padding-base
);
```

> - Overridden variable on the project level

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Overridden variable at the project level
```
